All right I really were coming to an end of a great Chrebet game.
Q With spring in Chow of course.
So now let's recap what we learned in this course and this course.
We started by learning what is messaging and we realized that messaging is all around us in our daily
lives in our work lives and especially in our applications that we develop.
And after that we went back in the messaging systems and tried to understand the motivation behind messaging
and after we finish with messaging we tried to understand and discovered the protocols for messaging
and then we started jumping right into AM Cupie and what is sols for us in our applications in software
systems.
We don't of course moved down to rabbit MQ which is running on top of Cupie and we learned that rabid
MQ is a full featured enterprise great message cream product.
We then started publishing messages and discovering rabit them.
Q In that we learned how to use Rabbitt template with spring and started publishing messages both from
dashboard and client application.
After we've finished publishing our messages we've learned how to create cue's exchanges and binding
between the both programmatically and from the rabid MQ management dashboard.
Again we was both dashboard and code to implement our configurations and that was were important and
very useful I think and I think you can use that information in your personal projects in your professional
projects and simply everywhere.
Those are the key informations for implementing Xchange is cues and bindings between them.
With Robert M..
Q And finally we realize an asynchronous communication scenario using two different applications from
one application.
We published a message to an exchange with the routing key and from another application we provided
a message listener and we caught the message that we publish from the Adler application.
This is a particularly useful scenario.
I think good example for how to implement a synchronous and loosely coupled software architectures.